[PRP-347] Participant Documentation (#114)
navapbc/wic-participant-recertification-portal: docs/participant/pages/00_index.md

# Index Page

The Index page is the landing page for the application.

### About this page:

This page contains static content about who is eligible to use this recertification portal.

> ### Considerations for other states:

Reviewer: Let's rename this something that doesn't require the user to remember the project's historical context. Maybe "Considerations for a new deployment:" or "Considerations for a WIC state agency:" or "Considerations for your deployment"?

Whatever it ends up being, please make it consistent across all the subsequent pages.

> We predict state agencies may make content and logo changes on this page
> Also, state agencies would need to remove the portal survey, or replace it with a new survey

Reviewer: Some of these suggestions (header and footer) may not be right for this page, so feel free to move them to another page if that seems better.

```suggestion
- Replace the name of the site in the header to refer to your WIC state agency
- Replace the logos and content in the footer to refer to your WIC state agency
- Change the content on this page to refer to your WIC state agency
- Remove or replace the feedback survey link
```

### Development

Remix allows us to use URL parameters in our paths, so the file on our filesystem is [app/routes/$localAgency/recertify/index.tsx](../../../participant/app/routes/%24localAgency/recertify/index.tsx)

The `$localAgency` parameter associates the participant's submission with a `LocalAgency` database record, using its `urlId` property.

Invalid `urlId` values will be redirected to the first database record in the `LocalAgency` table, and an empty `LocalAgency` table will result in an error.

> The contents of this page are controlled by two things -

Reviewer: Please make this change across all the subsequent pages.

```suggestion
The contents of this page are controlled by:
```
